I know you're in real trouble I don't
want to know the nature of your problem
but you have to understand I've said
goodbye before to people I love now
whatever did happen to dad so I've seen
you be here four million dollars off
open up two and a half night now would
you put away nothing you get up two and
a half million dollars any the
world knows for the rest of your life
that puts you at a level of you
somebody wants you to do something
you boss pisses you off you
a wise man's life is based around
you if I give you this money and you
don't pay me back there are no rules you
get up you get out
what do you want to be able to say to me
I have a car in a house and it's all
paid for
you